Josh: How long was Ivan the Space Biker a possible gordon?
Guthers: lol!  not very long!
Guthers: i think he was just a quick prototype.
Josh: hm
Josh: He sure did look interesting
Guthers: it was created by harry teasley, one of the artists (who worked on civilization, bit of trivia for you)

Josh: What ever happened to HL1: Uplink levels? Were they ever apart of the original game?
Guthers: no, uplink was created over a couple week span by myself and kelly bailey.
Josh: Wow
Josh: Really?
Guthers: Yeah.  The one with the satellite dish you have to position, right?
Josh: yes
Josh: You did a great job!
Guthers: yeah. you wouldn't believe what a pain it was to get that dish to rotate.
Josh: Really?
Guthers: we didn't get any code support for uplink.
Guthers: we just had to get it to work with what we had in the HL1 code base..
Josh: wow
Guthers: and we didn't have much to support a rotating dish.
Guthers: wow indeed!  say, you're my favorite chat bot.

Guthers: Next time you talk to Ted, ask him why all his monsters are gross looking.
Josh: Sure
Guthers: welp, nice chatting with you.  I have to go kill more zombies now.


Captain Chaos: I've been here for 12 years, worked on lots
Josh: Wow
Josh: Thats almost as long as long as guthers
Josh: I assume you worked on HL1?
Captain Chaos: I was hired just before Guthers

Josh: You worked on some Final Doom, didn't you?
Captain Chaos: yes, my brother and I did the Plutonia Experiment
Josh: Oh wow

Josh: Is it true that theres a giant gordon statue?
Captain Chaos: yes, several in fact
Josh: Woah...
Captain Chaos: not that giant, six feet
Josh: Life sized?
Josh: Wow
Captain Chaos: yup!


Koulikov: yes I did work at NOA from 92-96
Josh: Wow...
Josh: Thanks for replying
Josh: So you do level design?
Josh: What games have you worked on?
Koulikov: I do operations tuff, like Steamworks and producing Gold Masters
Josh: Wow
Koulikov: stuff
Josh: Thats neat.
Josh: So when you say "Gold Masters" you mean the final copies that go to the game production facility?
Koulikov: yep
Josh: Wow, are they really golden?
Koulikov: no, but when a game is 'finished' they say it is 'Gold'
Josh: Oh I see
Josh: Like how Goldsource was named after the copy of the HL1 Source code at the time, and Source was the temporary name for when the HL2 Engine was in development (I mean folder system wise).
Koulikov: well I'm not sure where the term originiated, but I think mainly it is a way to differentiate a product from being in development (Alpha, Beta, etc.) to being on its way to customers
Josh: Oh
Josh: Interesting.
Josh: Do you know anything about the 1997 HL1 Demo "Uplink"?
Koulikov: I remember playing it :)
Josh: The other day i was talking with guthers about it.
Josh: He and Baily coded it.
Josh: *kelly bailey
Josh: Sorry about that.
Koulikov: well nice chattng wth you, I'm going to eat lunch now
Josh: Thank you for your time.
Josh: Have a nice lunch!
Koulikov: thnx
Koulikov is now Offline.


Josh: look what I made
Josh: http://img212.imageshack.us/img212/9858/sandsofthedeadpb6.png
DRiller: Needs more mummies
Josh: Sure...
Josh: Cool Idea though?
Josh: I'll start working on it when the L4D SDK is released
DRiller: would be more evocative if it had some sort of architecture theme tied into the desert
Josh: Egyptian?
DRiller: some form of desert dweller -- not necessarily that
DRiller: ruins maybe
Josh: hmmm
DRiller: or abandoned oil gear
Josh: hmmm
DRiller: flaming derriks maybe
DRiller: or... hmm
Josh: Cool.


Josh: Hows valve?
Turd Furgeson: great, as always. taking a few days off for the holiday
Josh: Cool.
Josh: Hey, I have a quick question about portal.
Turd Furgeson: k
Josh: I saw the Sparta textures in the GCF
Josh: Whats up with that?
Josh: theres no model and its just a VTF.
Turd Furgeson: there's usually all kinds of stuff left behind that we don't clear out before ship.  Things that were thought about but never made it in or didn't fit into what it finally became
Josh: Cool.
Josh: Also, I've seen the TF2 Box in L4D, Jolly good show.
Josh: Nice way to keep the fans at bay.
Turd Furgeson: lol
Josh: Wondering about the mysterious "Collect all ten!"
Josh: But anyway, it seems the l4d release went well
Turd Furgeson: it did, we're really, really pleased with how it's going.
Josh: thats neat.
Josh: I know the road to Half-life 2 was full of stumbles
Josh: Hey, did you ever catch that german hacker?
Turd Furgeson: can't talk about it.... ;)
Josh: ;D
Josh: Cool
Turd Furgeson: ok, gonna play some fallout 3
Josh: Yay
Josh: Have fun on the capitol wasteland
Josh: Find your father!
Turd Furgeson: will do, chat soon
Turd Furgeson: lol


Captain Chaos: we're snowed in here
Captain Chaos: I'm sure you are too!
Captain Chaos: are you still in Kirkland?
Josh is now playing Counter-Strike: Source. Click here to join.
Josh: Nope
Josh: But anyway, I had a question
Josh: was anything out of the "Get your free TVs!" Retained?
Josh: left in final, i mean
Josh: Anyway, hows it going up in washington?
Captain Chaos is now Offline.
Lost connection to Steam, will rejoin chat automatically when connection regained.
Connected again and rejoined chat.
Lost connection to Steam, will rejoin chat automatically when connection regained.
Connected again and rejoined chat.
